# ARM-Assembly-projects
These lab projects are prepared for the course ECE 222 --- Digital Computers. The programs are developed and debugged using Keil μVision4 IDE, and tested on ARM MCB1700 board with LPC1768 microcontroller unit. There are four labs included in this course.

Lab 1: Flashing LED

Objective: Complete, assemble, and download a simple assembly language program.

What to do:

Write some THUMB assembly language instructions
Use different memory addressing modes
Test and debug code on ARM board
Use on-board RAM instead of Flash memory
Flash LED (Light Emitting Diode) at approximately 1 Hz frequency

Lab 2: Subroutines and Parameter Passing

Objective: Practice subroutine calling and parameter passing by implementing a Morse code system.

What to do:

Turn one LED into a Morse code transmitter that blinks in Morse code for a five character word
Implement subroutines LED_ON (turn LED on), LED_OFF (turn LED off), DELAY (takes parameter Rn and delays for Rn*500 ms), CHAR2MORSE (converts characters to Morse by using a Morse LUT)

Lab 3: Input/Output Interfacing

Objective: Learn how to use peripherals connected to a microprocessor by setting up and using Input/Output ports.

What to do:

Implement reflex meter to measure user response to event accurate to one tenth of a millisecond
Initally all LEDs are off, one LED turns on after a random amount of time (2-10 seconds)
Counter increments after LED turns on and before user presses input button
Use polling method to determine when input button is pressed
32 bit number representing response time sent to 8 LEDs in seperate bytes with 2s delay between each group
Demo:

Simple counter that increments indefinitely from 0x00 to 0xFF to demonstrate correct manipulation and handling of bits
Reflex meter

Lab 4: Interrupt Handling

Objective: Learn about interrupts and trigger interrupt service routine.

What to do:

Implement reflex meter from Lab 3 with an interrupt instead of polling

(The introductions above come from the lab manual written by the teaching assistants)

In this repository, I uploaded only the .s files since those are the only files I worked on. The other required files to run the program on the board are automatically generated by the IDE.
